Why does this trash show up as soon as we party?
Here, still confused
Leave the Sun family alone
I would rather marry my daughter to such a poor death
Who says no?
Not only poor, but also
I have a disease.
It was because of the disease that she was abandoned by Miss Long. It's not good
It's too much.
Isn't what I said the truth?
First of all, blood types are not sold to the bone
Secondly, I did come to take blood
Finally you
And you
The mouth is for eating
Stop spraying feces
What are you?
How dare you say I spray shit
Return Li Xueqin
Even a fool is a fool of my Li family
You, a rural beggar, will also marry
Don't be angry
He's killing himself
Hahahaha
You are so brave!
A person at the bottom of society has been in prison
Once a duck engaged in fraud
Dare to repeatedly break into the upper class
Ha ha.
I can only send away
I don't know the sky is high
The blood wife and daughter who came to steal the marriage
Brother Zhao has sent you millions of customers just because of your engagement.
And I really sent a lot of paper
Can you take it out?
Hahahaha
Ouch, you think too highly of this trash
Even if he goes bankrupt, he can't smash it
We don't mention the bride price
Today is Porsche delivery.
You came so empty-handed
I can't even afford a decent gift
Pee and take care of you, you are also worthy of grabbing sticks from my Sun family
Secretary Zhu, why are the guards here?
It's going to change soon
Gotta be helped by big shots
How are you preparing?
The list has been made
Please take a look.
Good, very good.
Follow Me
Birthday to your family